Changes to plotmo Package
-------------------------

--- 2.2.1  

If pch.response has type character, we now plot the 
response points as text.

Earth models with no degree1 terms but with degree2 terms were
incorrectly labelled as intercept-only models.  Fixed that.

--- 2.2.0  Dec 10, 2014

Fixed incorrect printing of some messages when trace=-1.

Expansions to check.index for earth.

Documentation touchups.

--- 2.1.0  Nov 30, 2014

Added a vignette "Notes on the plotmo package".

Some more functions are now exported to allow 
earth::plotmor to easily get the model data

Some documentation touchups as usual.

--- 2.0.0  Nov 19, 2014

Plotting of prediction or confidence levels is now more comprehensive.
We now allow both prediction and confidence intervals to be plotted
for those predict methods that support it on new data (currently only
lm).  The "se" argument is now deprecated and superseded by the
"limit" argument (you will get a warning).

Plotmo will now plot the model even if it is an intercept-only model.
Use int.only.ok=FALSE for the old behaviour (i.e., issue an error for
intercept-only models).

The "grid:" message in now printed for only multiple predictor models.
Remember that you can always suppress this message in any case with
trace=-1.

The xlim argument is now supported.  Typically only useful
if only one degree1 plot.

Plotmo now supports quantreg and quantregForest objects.

Basic support for the AMORE package has been provided.  Thanks to
Bernard Nolan and David Lorenz for this.  But this has been commented
out in the source code to avoid having "suggests(AMORE)" in the plotmo
DESCRIPTION file.  To use functions, search for AMORE in the plotmo
source code, and cut and paste the commented-out code into your
environmemt.

The default pch.response is now 20 (was 1).

The default cex.response is now NULL (meaning automatic, was 1).

Minor other changes to fix formatting of captions etc.

--- 1.3-3  Feb 4, 2014

Clerical changes to satisfy recent CRAN check requirements.

--- 1.3-2  Dec 1, 2011

You can now use trace=-1 to inhibit the "grid: " message.

Removed a call to .Internal(persp)

--- 1.3-1  Sep 16, 2011

Fixed an minor incorrect message introduced in the previous release.

--- 1.3-0  Sep 15, 2011

You can now specify variables by name in degree1 and degree2.
Suppressed annoying "Warning: surface extends beyond the box".
We no longer issue an incorrect err msg if data frame has an "AsIs" field.

--- 1.2-6

Removed an incorrect stopifnot.integer(y.column) in get.plotmo.y.wrapper

--- 1.2-5 Jun 11, 2011

Fixed an incorrect stop when trace>0 and x had no column names.
We no longer print the plot index in the plot title when all1 or
   all2 specified but also degree1 and degree2.
Added get.plotmo.default.type.fda
Touchups to the documentation.

--- 1.2-4 Apr 27, 2011

Removed hooks for the earth package (which are no longer necessary
  with earth 2.6-2).  The file plotmo.methods.R was deleted.

Added the grid argument.

--- 1.2-3 Apr 17, 2011

This package no longer needs the earth package.  However the current
  earth (2.6-1) needs some hooks in this package to build.
  After earth 2.6-2 is on CRAN that will no longer be necessary,
  and the hooks will be removed from this package.
We now have better error reporting for bad y's.
We now have better jittering of response points with a binary response.

--- 1.2-0 Apr 12, 2011

Added ndiscrete arg (variables with a small number of levels
   are now plotted as "blocks", like factors).
Added smooth.col and related args (plotmo can add a loess line).
Made tweaks necessary because earth now imports this package.
Added dvalue and npoints args.
Added center arg (preliminary implementation).
Added basic support for lars, nnet, and knn3 models.
Jittering now works better.
We now jitter response points for factors and discrete variables by default.
plotmo is now faster:
   We cache the plot data to avoid calling predict twice for each plot
   For discrete vars and factors we only call predict for their original values
   ngrid1 is much smaller (ok to do that because of ndiscrete arg)
Better error reporting for illegal args.
Reduced the number of default colors (just grays and lightblue now).
Out-of-range values in image plots are now plotted in blue.
Fixed an issue where the wrong environment could be used.
Better error reporting for unsupported models.
Fixed handling of factors with non contiguous levels
Modified test scripts to conform to R 2.13.0's way of printing numbers
Numerous other document and code touch ups.

--- 1.0-1 Apr 01, 2011

plotmo was printing degree1 graphs for all used earth predictors,
not just those appearing in degree1 terms.  Fixed that.

plotmo was not handling all1=TRUE correctly for earth models with
factor predictors.  Fixed that.

--- 1.0-0 Mar 31, 2011

Initial release.  Moved plotmo from earth 2.5-1 to here.
